README.md, before:

# The Crypto Investment Monitor

Access to the project: 

LIVE: Click [here]() to access the live website. <br>
REPO: Click [here]() to access the Github repository.

# Table of Contents
- Project Goal
- The Five Planes of UX design
    - Strategy
    - Scope 
    - Structure 
    - Skeleton
    - Surface 
- Database design
- Features
- Technologies & Tools
- Testing
- Deployment
- Credits
    - Content
    - Acknowledgments
    - Used websites 

# Project Goal
Monitoring your assets is always the best thing to do as a cryptocurrency investor. For this reason, this project aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the assets which the users' holds as well the transactions made by the user. Besides managing your own assets, it will also consist a leaderboard whereby you can see the other users' profits and lost as well the portfolio overview. You can learn how other investors spread their investments. 

# The Five Planes Of UX Design

## Strategy
The platform's concept is to provide a comprehensive overview of currently holding crypto assets. The user are able to set up a deposit and insert their transactions. The platform combines this to a overview, with current profit and loss calculated on real time prices. In the leaderboard section of the platform the top 10 users with most profits are listed. Other users can see the crypto's in which are investing and are able to learn from others based on the best performing portfolio's. 

## User stories

The platform is divided in several epics with their own features and user stories. The existing epics are:
### Homescreen

- As a new visitor I want to be able to navigate to the register page, so I can make a profile
- As a visitor I want to be able to navigate to the leaderboard, so I can see the most successfull portfolio's to learn from them
- As a returning visitor I want to be able to navigate to the login page, so I can access my profile

### Login/Register

- As a new visitor, I want to be able to register in order to make an own profile
- As a returning visitor, I want to be able to log in order to access my profile
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to log out in order to exit my profile

### Assets

- As a logged in user, I want to be able to make a deposit in order to imitate my real investments 
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to make a withdrawal in order to imitate my real investments
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to see how my assets perform to make real-time investments decisions

### Transactions

- As a logged in user, I want to be able to register my transaction to register my investments activities
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to adjust the prices of my transactions in case I want to register an old transactions to get a real overview of my investment activities
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to make sell and buy transaction against different crypto's or USD in order to register my investment activities

### Leaderboard

- As a user, I want to be able to see the best portfolio's based on profit and loss, in order to make investment decisions
- As a logged in User, I want to be able to see my own performance in order to compare my portfolio with the best performing portfolio's

## Scope
The project itself is a crypto investment monitoring tool. The project consist out of different epics which work together as a whole. 

### Nice to have 
One downside of the platform is the manual input used from the user to register their assets and transactions. It would be ideal to wire up the trading platform with the monitoring platform to automatically import the trades and assets from the user's account. But this is not in the scope of this project. 

# Structure 

The website will contain different pages as well for logged in users and not logged in users. The following tree map structure will further outline the intented structure for the website. 

<img src="cryptomanager\app\static\img\tree-map.jpg">

Furthermore, the portfolio is be compatible with all kind of devices. Small design changes can be expected such as omitting some data at smaller devices screens. But the main functionalities should be easy to use and understand on all devices. 

# Skeleton

The webapp consist out of the following views: 
- Welcome view
- Login view
- Register view
- Leaderboard view (while logged in)
- Leaderboard view (not logged in)
- Assets view
- Deposit/Withdrawal view
- Transactions view
- Add transaction view 
- General error view

### Desktop design
### Tablet design
### Mobile design

# Structure

To optimize the user's experience of the site, it is design is very simple and basic. Relaxing colors are used with maximum contrast. The next colors are used in this project. 

<img src="cryptomanager\app\static\img\color-pallet.png">

The projects typography is standard to maximize the simplicity of the application. On bigger screens the headers are uppercase to emphasize headings information. 

# Database design

The database provider for the project is MongoDB. This is a non-relational database based on documents. The following database scheme is used for this project including 3 documents. 

<img src="cryptomanager\app\static\img\database-scheme.png">

# Epics & Features 
#### <strong>Homescreen</strong>
This epic is the entry point of the website, from here the users can navigate to the login or register page as well to the leaderboard. 
#### Features 
- Presentation
- Button functionality


#### <strong>Login/Register</strong>
This epic enables users or potential users to make an account and login to the platform. The user will be connected to his own assets and transactions make the platform personalized for each user. Also, the options to register a deposit or a transaction can only be made when a user is logged on to his account. Lastly, a user must be able to delete his account with all underlying assets and transactions as well. 
#### Features 
- Presentation
- Login 
- Logout
- Register 
- Autorize 

#### <strong>Assets</strong> 
This epic consist out off different features which are connected to the assets management of the user. The user will be able to register their asset in USD. From their they can obtain other assets by doing transactions. Those assets will be visually presented by to the user as well the unrealized profits will be shown. Also a complete valuation will be shown to the user to make them able to monitor their assets closely with real-time information.  
#### Features 
- Presentation
- Deposit 
- Withdrawal
- Live valuation
- Profit and Loss 

#### <strong>Transactions</strong> 
The transactions are as well a backbone of the platform. As soon the users register their first asset in USD, they are able to register their transaction. Those transactions will be saved into the database and can be looked into. 
#### Features 
- Presentation
- Transaction validation 
- Add transaction

#### <strong>Leaderboard</strong>
The leaderboard is a open for everyone part of the platform. The aim of this page is to inform people about the most succesfull portfolio's. The overview show the top 10 succesfull portfolio's and give an overview which assets are included in the portfolio. 
#### Features 
- Presentation

#### <strong>Error handling</strong>
The error handling is part of defensive programming. In order to prevent the application to digest malicious data, some error handling measures are in place. Firstly, the unauthorized error, page not found error and also an internal service error. Those errors will be catched and the user will be redirected to the error page.
#### Features 
- Presentation general
# Technologies & Tools
# Testing
# Deployment
# Credits


### Used Websites
https://dev.to/blankgodd/creating-a-blueprint-based-flask-app-199h

Commit message:

explain the login/logout epic and homescreen epic

README.md, after:

# The Crypto Investment Monitor

Access to the project: 

LIVE: Click [here]() to access the live website. <br>
REPO: Click [here]() to access the Github repository.

# Table of Contents
- Project Goal
- The Five Planes of UX design
    - Strategy
    - Scope 
    - Structure 
    - Skeleton
    - Surface 
- Database design
- Features
- Technologies & Tools
- Testing
- Deployment
- Credits
    - Content
    - Acknowledgments
    - Used websites 

# Project Goal
Monitoring your assets is always the best thing to do as a cryptocurrency investor. For this reason, this project aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the assets which the users' holds as well the transactions made by the user. Besides managing your own assets, it will also consist a leaderboard whereby you can see the other users' profits and lost as well the portfolio overview. You can learn how other investors spread their investments. 

# The Five Planes Of UX Design

## Strategy
The platform's concept is to provide a comprehensive overview of currently holding crypto assets. The user are able to set up a deposit and insert their transactions. The platform combines this to a overview, with current profit and loss calculated on real time prices. In the leaderboard section of the platform the top 10 users with most profits are listed. Other users can see the crypto's in which are investing and are able to learn from others based on the best performing portfolio's. 

## User stories

The platform is divided in several epics with their own features and user stories. The existing epics are:
### Homescreen

- As a new visitor I want to be able to navigate to the register page, so I can make a profile
- As a visitor I want to be able to navigate to the leaderboard, so I can see the most successfull portfolio's to learn from them
- As a returning visitor I want to be able to navigate to the login page, so I can access my profile

### Login/Register

- As a new visitor, I want to be able to register in order to make an own profile
- As a returning visitor, I want to be able to log in order to access my profile
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to log out in order to exit my profile

### Assets

- As a logged in user, I want to be able to make a deposit in order to imitate my real investments 
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to make a withdrawal in order to imitate my real investments
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to see how my assets perform to make real-time investments decisions

### Transactions

- As a logged in user, I want to be able to register my transaction to register my investments activities
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to adjust the prices of my transactions in case I want to register an old transactions to get a real overview of my investment activities
- As a logged in user, I want to be able to make sell and buy transaction against different crypto's or USD in order to register my investment activities

### Leaderboard

- As a user, I want to be able to see the best portfolio's based on profit and loss, in order to make investment decisions
- As a logged in User, I want to be able to see my own performance in order to compare my portfolio with the best performing portfolio's

## Scope
The project itself is a crypto investment monitoring tool. The project consist out of different epics which work together as a whole. 

### Nice to have 
One downside of the platform is the manual input used from the user to register their assets and transactions. It would be ideal to wire up the trading platform with the monitoring platform to automatically import the trades and assets from the user's account. But this is not in the scope of this project. 

# Structure 

The website will contain different pages as well for logged in users and not logged in users. The following tree map structure will further outline the intented structure for the website. 

<img src="cryptomanager\app\static\img\tree-map.jpg">

Furthermore, the portfolio is be compatible with all kind of devices. Small design changes can be expected such as omitting some data at smaller devices screens. But the main functionalities should be easy to use and understand on all devices. 

# Skeleton

The webapp consist out of the following views: 
- Welcome view
- Login view
- Register view
- Leaderboard view (while logged in)
- Leaderboard view (not logged in)
- Assets view
- Deposit/Withdrawal view
- Transactions view
- Add transaction view 
- General error view

### Desktop design
### Tablet design
### Mobile design

# Structure

To optimize the user's experience of the site, it is design is very simple and basic. Relaxing colors are used with maximum contrast. The next colors are used in this project. 

<img src="cryptomanager\app\static\img\color-pallet.png">

The projects typography is standard to maximize the simplicity of the application. On bigger screens the headers are uppercase to emphasize headings information. 

# Database design

The database provider for the project is MongoDB. This is a non-relational database based on documents. The following database scheme is used for this project including 3 documents. 

<img src="cryptomanager\app\static\img\database-scheme.png">

# Epics & Features 
#### <strong>Homescreen</strong>
This epic is the entry point of the website, from here the users can navigate to the login or register page as well to the leaderboard. 
#### Features 
- Presentation

The presentation of the homescreen is very basic. The background give some inside in how the app looks like. Furthermore, there are buttons, 'Register now!' and 'Login' which are call to action buttons. At last, there is also a possibility to access the leaderboard by the link on in the navigation bar.

- Button functionality

The button 'Register now!' must lead to the register page and the button 'Login' must lead to the login page.


#### <strong>Login/Register</strong>
This epic enables users or potential users to make an account and login to the platform. The user will be connected to his own assets and transactions make the platform personalized for each user. Also, the options to register a deposit or a transaction can only be made when a user is logged on to his account. Lastly, a user must be able to delete his account with all underlying assets and transactions as well. 
#### Features 
- Presentation

The epic 'Login/Register' consist of 2 pages, the register page and the login page. As a user successfully makes a profile there must be success message as well as the login is successfull. The success messages must be in a green box and the error messages must be in a red box. 

- Login 

As a user already have profile the emailaddress and the password should be match with the data in the database. When there is a match the user profile is loaded. If there is no match the user will see an error message. Furthermore, there must be field validation like the password should be longer then 5 characters and the email field should include a '@' and should be longer then 5 characters. Those validations should be validated real-time. When all validations are met, the submit button should be available for the user. Lastly, when a user typed some input in the field the clear button should clear all input. 

- Logout

As a user is logged in the logout navigation link should be visible for the user. When the user click the logout button, the user will be logged out and redirected to the homepage. It is not possible for the user to access their profile again before log in again. 

- Register 

If a user decide to make profile, he should fill in the register form, where he should register his firstname, emailaddress and password. To extra check the password, the user should repeat his newly chosen password. There are several frontend field validation such as firstname should be longer then 3 characters, email should include '@' and should be longer then 5 characters, password field should be longer the 5 characters and the confirm password field should be the same as the password field. Those validations should be validated real-time. When all validations are met, the submit button should be available for the user. Lastly, when a user typed some input in the field the clear button should clear all input. In the backend there is also a validation if the emailaddress already exists, when the emailaddress is already in use the user is not able to make a new profile with the same emailaddress. When the user is succesfully registered, the user is automatically logged in and can work with his profile

- Delete 

Due to limited time this feature is not implemented. 

#### <strong>Assets</strong> 
This epic consist out off different features which are connected to the assets management of the user. The user will be able to register their asset in USD. From their they can obtain other assets by doing transactions. Those assets will be visually presented by to the user as well the unrealized profits will be shown. Also a complete valuation will be shown to the user to make them able to monitor their assets closely with real-time information.  
#### Features 
- Presentation
- Deposit 
- Withdrawal
- Live valuation
- Profit and Loss 

#### <strong>Transactions</strong> 
The transactions are as well a backbone of the platform. As soon the users register their first asset in USD, they are able to register their transaction. Those transactions will be saved into the database and can be looked into. 
#### Features 
- Presentation
- Transaction validation 
- Add transaction

#### <strong>Leaderboard</strong>
The leaderboard is a open for everyone part of the platform. The aim of this page is to inform people about the most succesfull portfolio's. The overview show the top 10 succesfull portfolio's and give an overview which assets are included in the portfolio. 
#### Features 
- Presentation

#### <strong>Error handling</strong>
The error handling is part of defensive programming. In order to prevent the application to digest malicious data, some error handling measures are in place. Firstly, the unauthorized error, page not found error and also an internal service error. Those errors will be catched and the user will be redirected to the error page.
#### Features 
- Presentation general
# Technologies & Tools
# Testing
# Deployment
# Credits


### Used Websites
https://dev.to/blankgodd/creating-a-blueprint-based-flask-app-199h
